last week in st paul.. Every week some pervert white boy commits a pervert crime against a young child.. What a sick culture .. Not one white person has spoke out against these perverts!!! That must mean this doesnt sicken white people?? Oh thats right whites are more concerned about black on black crime in north mpls...what a pervert culture full of perverts!!!
The nights are so long.
I like it
Decent song.
Sick. I hope all the parents kept their kids inside that day.
Gays suffer from ADD and will use anything to get attention. Mental disorder, clearly.
I seen 95% of them were white people. What a messed up culture !!!
Most of them were log cabin republicans, celebrating Gaybraham Lincoln.
A typical representation of a minority. It'd be different if there were no minorities but 5% is typical.
95% of whites are gay?? What a messed up culture... And white people think they are so much better than any one else! Jokes on you white people
Never before has there been a movement associated with a perverted/abnormal act.

The fall of the US Empire has begun.
Or a perverted abnormal people , white people!!
You said a mouth full!
Looks like this thread is an idiot magnet.
watch out for falling Wall Street bailouts
Why don't they have a "Jungle Fever" parade? Did you hear about the married mixed black/white couple who got booted from an RV park because they didn't want them "Shacking Up?" 
What are you?
Scratch a homophobe, find a racist. Same ignorance, lack of education, hate, rejection from mainstream society.
I bet if two Middle Eastern men, dressed in white thobes, speaking a different language
came up to Ms. or Mr. PA, he/she would soil themselves. This all inclusive b.s. is just that.

Would they invite family of the two that did the killings in California to their own personal Christmas dinner? I am just more honest about my feelings. Some are still in denial. No one loves or loved everyone except maybe Jesus and there are no second comings of Jesus types on here, for sure.
Sue the city councils across America!!
The insane right wing does not even know what bigotry is well enough to give or understand an example of it.
We must be taking Syrian refugees by the armload. All of the sudden, there are thobes and women in burkas and headgear everywhere.
In other words, moron, the above is not an example of what would be described as bigotry.

Your every other post would be that, idiot.
Finally some weather that reflects my mood. Dark menacing clouds with rain and storms. I love it. My world has arrived.
I'm sitting in the dark enjoying it. Nothing but my phone. This is my world.
"I'm not an animal!"
These are the real decision makers. The brain power of the country.
The dinner should have been held in the "Brainpower State", Minnesota.
I'm sure they all felt the honor.
Obama missed his calling, he should have studied acting..
What?? Obama is hanging out with wealthy 1%'ers? Can that be?

Spielberg net worth, 3.4 billion
Streisand net worth 340 million
Springsteen net worth 250 million

Oh but, they are all "good" rich people, not evil rich people, right?
not as long as they " pay their fair share" to his campaign...

how is this different from any other political campaign...
How much money someone makes has never been my thing. Hell, I wish we all were rich! But, in politics, there's a definite standard for the rich on the right, and the rich on the left. At least be honest about it.
This really isnt anything other than red meat for the haters. This is not news at all. Presidents have been dinning and rubbing elbows with celebs for decades.
No different. Which is rather sad when you think about it.
so, did they eat a moochelle approved 350 calorie meal ?
Moochelle's trailer indicates sh'e eating more than 350 cal meat.
You must admin, it would be difficult for any president to sink below the level of dining with any member of the Kardashian family. No matter how much money they have.
He has MBA in flying in circles.
Yeehaw!!
I slap the face of all demonicRATS

Another white boy raped a young girl again this week in st cloud last week in st paul.. Every week some pervert white boy commits a pervert crime against a young child.. What a sick culture .. Not one white person has spoke out against these perverts!!! That must mean this doesnt sicken white people?? Oh thats right whites are more concerned about black on black crime in north mpls...what a pervert culture full of perverts!!!
Are you talking about the Catholic Church?
Nope civilians
Both are perverts!!! Especially the white boys!!!
Is there a week that does not go by where a brown person commits a pervert crime against a young child ? Are brown people part of a sick culture ? Do any brown people speak out about these perverts ? If not does that mean that this behavior does not sicken brown people ? Are brown people more concerned about non- brown crime in north mpls ? are brown people a pervert culture full of perverts ? In your opinion ?
Todays paper. White guy arrested for soliciting a minor for sex.. What a sick pervert... A white MN. Man arrested in an undercover sting in Georgia... This white clown drives to Georgia to meet a child for sex cuz hes a sick white pervert and he gets arrested not only is he a sick white boy hes a dumb one also.... And youre worried about muslims and illegals?? Yea no doubt youre a white boy... Dont these guys sicken you??? Oh thats right its Obamas fault the white boys are perverts!
White boys on dope. White boys are dopes. Boots on the forum is a diksmoking dope.
You brown people Tellitlikeitis
Brown people are killing other browns and whites at record pace in Obama's 
hometown of Sh**Cago and all over the world.

Sh*Tcago Year to Date 2016 Only 3.9% involved whites

Shot & Killed: 209
Shot & Wounded: 1109
Total Shot: 1318
Total Homicides: 234
I happen to be a whiteboy. And we happen to be the most attractive objects in the world. My boyfriend though is black, but, that just proves that physical appearance isn't everything.
A Democrat congressman has anonymously written a new book due to be released in two weeks
detailing why he and his colleagues are in politics

Some of his admissions: 

'My main job is to keep my job, to get reelected. It takes precedence over everything,'

'Voters are incredibly ignorant and know little about our form of government and how it works,'

'It's far easier than you think to manipulate a nation of naive, self-absorbed sheep who crave instant gratification " 

" Most of my colleagues are dishonest career politicians who revel in the power and special-interest money that's lavished upon them "

"Fundraising is so time consuming I seldom read any bills I vote on. Like many of my colleagues, I don't know how the legislation will be implemented, or what it'll cost "

" We spend money we don't have and blithely mortgage the future with a wink and a nod. Screw the next generation" 

'It's about getting credit now, lookin' good for the upcoming election.'
The name of the book is " The Confessions of Congressman X" , and is due on bookshelves 
May 24
Right up your alley.
Obama's doing his part too:
I worked US Customs long before president Obama, this was an every day occurrence, swing and a miss.
Not at these levels - swing & a hit.
Your a liar.
All I see is you making up an excuse trying to justify liberal policies. Then, when you get called on it you resort to the liberal standard of name calling.
He lies about his expertise to get a one up in a conversation. What a joke.
Pathetic lies.
Stay on topic. Stop lying. Wiggle all you want but you are trapped in your pathetic web of lies and deceit.
Yes, it is Obama's ILLEGAL immigration.
Quite the opposite, answer the question.
I love your conservative denial. You know, it only takes about 10 mins. surfing the internet to find real statistics about inoculation based on immigration for the last 50 years. You read 1 article suddenly you're an expert on illegal immigration and its transference of communicable disease can all be blamed on our current president? Get a grip.
No. Your lies are sad and pathetic.
Your absence of common sense doesn't surprise me. What do you expect to happen when you take large groups if illegals and group them together until the federal government drops them in the center of some populated area? There has been cases of viruses in youth being disseminated throughout the country the same way via the school systems also.
Target is really askin' for trouble now 

#BoycottTarget #FlushTarget #NeverTarget #tcot

Better yet, if you have any of their stock sell it!
I wipe my butt with that rag.
At least you wipe!
I'm glad leftist anti American businesses are finally coming out
It's easier that ever to identify them and avoid supporting them
and their hateful agendas.
No more target for this guy
I got sick and tired of Target's pandering when they decided not to have gender specific toys. 
Trying to shove that trans gender crap on kids is where I draw the line.
22% of Minnesota's Somali refugees test positive for tuberculosis. Makes me want to avoid taxi cabs, shopping at Aldi and the Social Security office.
First the Federal law suit against those trying to join ISIS, now this. Why are they here again?
There has been a knife stabbing in Germany. The man shouted alluha akbar. 1 is dead and 3 injured. The religion of peace strikes again with another attack! Maybe Germany should ban knives now! Lol!
The japs deserved it.
Europe has a big problem and I don't think they know what they are doing. They had better figure it out quick because they are set to get millions more migrants. It will crash their socialist systems. 

Migrant crisis to blame for falling standards in Swedish schools, say officials
"The increase of foreign-born children in Swedish schools has played a part in the country's overall decline in educational achievement and test scores in recent years, officials report."
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-34917... 

Swedish Report: Only 34% Of Refugees Can Support Themselves After 15 Years
http://dailycaller.com/2016/04/11/swedish-rep...
Socialism is such a joke.
muslims attack germany.....LOL......
Why LOL when muslims attack Germany and kill Germans.......... again ?
Prove it.....Muslims now, not just one person....
It was the Muslims
Yes of course mooslums. They kill, rape, behead, terrorize every day all over the world.
Get your head out of Mohammed's A*&
So do white boys!!! They all molest young kids, download kiddie porn, watch the news white boys are on the news everyday for some pervert crime!! A white boy just raped a 7 year old girl in st paul last week made her smoke meth then raped her!! A white boy did that!!! Get your head out of don trumps ass!!! White culture is a pervert culture!!
I guess you are one of those people that thinks 'we have crime anyway so why not bring in more.' That is not much of an argument.
No im one of the people who say white boys commit sick perverted crimes more than any other culture.. Ive never heard or read on here one white person condemming how white boys kill, molest, rape, just like other cultures!!! Thats why no one likes white boys, theyre just whiners, complainers, blamers, but never look in the mirror... Low character culture..
This dude is more like Puss in Boots. He is a softy in the sack but has a moth that won't stop. If you think I'm shitting you come to the Honolulu Forum and read how he loves my ass.
I'm as real as you are. You disgrace the military everyrtime you use your current name.
Just wondering what everyone thinks about her announcing her pregnancy?

Is it IVF?
Her eggs from her body?
Her frozen eggs?
Surrogate mother?
Adoption?

Risky at this age?

Her child will be 19 and she will be 69 years old. What affect will it have on the child?
She will have a retarded, Muslim baby, just what the world needs more of.
A pseudo disrespectful "military" wannabe loney old creature. Look for Boots to change his name yet again.
