love bands like ramones, iggy and the stooges, dead boys, early Alice Cooper, mc5, and even thrash like megadeth. Music these days sucks brutally!
Its not the music that sucks its the no talent performers nowadays... Iggy, alice megadeath are all no talent screamers.... Long hair , make up wearing faags
Let me think ... how long ago was it the music died?.
Has not been as good since then!
Says a retard. And you say nowadays..........those artist are all old school numbnuts. Unlike the gay music you probably listen too, those artists actually write meaningful lyrics that people with a brain actually give a shit about. Especially megadeth.
Whats the matter?
Do you matter?? If so please explain why. Thanks
People only matter if they make something of themselves. And I don't mean turning into a criminal. To further the culture, workers quality of life, provide for retired workers, safety of everyone, improve the environment, increase freedom of lawful people, provide an atmosphere where everyone has the "Work Ethic" and feels good about working and being part of a family.

Many blacks don't seem to fit into a positive person. Many want to die young because they have no interest in living in a nursing home. That is understandable but then don't kill others in the process. Take your own life. Nobody has a goal of living in a nursing home. Die quickly while still active, and that happens to many people without killing yourself.

Live life to it's fullest and pray to not suffer when old. Ya don't need to live a life of crime to that end.
Greg abbot sent national guard to monitor Obama's anti patriot shock troopers and now the new world order liberals are freaking out! Question government under the Obama regime is dangerous. Especially if you are a conservative!
You forgot to mention the black helicopters.
Did Omugabe have all those National Guard helicoptors painted black after he confiscated them?
I wouldn't take Mega-Bus if it was the last form of transportation on earth!
The other passengers said the driver let the guy on even though he was drunk.
Anything for a buck!
It should be called the welfare express. It would be good if ALL freeways between Chicago and Minnesota were closed. Also all air travel ended, Chicago is full of parasites that live of Minnesota taxpayers.
Well all we can do is pray I have contacted as many people as I can and sent out 9.5 millions posts e mails asking every one to step up and help with what they can and pass the requests on too others to now it's in God's hands .

Thank You,
SG 22 E Com
The young idealistic black officer lived in a dream world where everyone is wonderful. Kind of like how Libertards feel about everyone in the world. Treat all the world leaders with dignity and respect and they will treat you right in return. Well once in a while they KILL YOU with a knife, gun, car, club, fist, foot, rope, fire, machete, bomb, rocket, airliner, etc etc etc.. 

Live in this dream world as a COP and you WILL die before the end of your shift.

The young blacks dad said:

"He really knew the risk. But I think my son just thought people are generally good, and that's just the way he was," Ronald Tate said. "He thought people are generally good people, so let's treat 
Stay In The Fight For Equal Rights , Pray To Go and Jesus Christ .

Sincerely,
SG 22
It is too bad that things are not as Mr Tates son thought. It is a bad scene for cops right now thanks to azzholes like the "rev" Jackson and the "rev and tax cheat" Sharpton, and others like the mayor of Baltimore, Obozo and Holder just to name a few.
Officer Sim's Amtrak Victims Need Prayer , They God's Aid & Care Via God's Christian's On Earth .

All Ways Pray Before You Board Amtrak , Look At The Crash Fact's Ten Year's Back , Yes Lord Yes God Yes Jesus .
Poor hero, nothing but dumb games...
This is probably a very tragic accident. Whether the little one climbed in there herself or was put in there by siblings who didn't know any better, who knows. We can only hope it was not the work of an adult who should know better.
What are descent jobs? Jobs that don't stink? We all realize for parasites like you, ALL jobs stink.
These people need to clean their frkn house and the. Stuff like this can be avoided.
Good,grief
The bisexual shemale in the white house keeps acting like she's a victim of racism. Someone please tell this transgendered freak that her husband is president and to get over her hatred of whites! What a low life loser!
"And ye shall know them by their color."
Question? How do you know she hasn't experienced racism?? Just because she is successful doesn't mean white people aren't racist towards her.. She is successful because she didn't cry and complain she marched forward unlike guys like you and crassus who quit , cry , and complain.. Also how can a white guy like you know what and how she has been treated in her life.. Your all gossip, crying, complaining, quitting, and lying your not even close to be a stand up person
You can respect the transgendered ugly ghetto rat if you want but I won't. In reality Michelle and Barack are both uncle toms like most sellout liberal blacks. Sad how dumb unemployed bums like you think her and Barack are one of you..........clowns.
her arms are more built than baracks! I guess we know who where's the pants in that relationship! I wonder if Obama is still having gay relations on the side with Reggie love? I'm sure the transgendered ghetto queen Michelle Obama doesn't mind!
did u ever see your hero sean hannitys wife?? Oh thats right hes not married hes a typical republican closet gay!! Just like space ace
I dont even know her i dont like her.. I was questioning you!! Who are you? What have you done so great that you call
People names?? Would you say that to her face?? Dont lie and say you would.. I bet you consider your self a good guy
How is she transgender? How is she claiming racism?
Did you not hear her recent speech at Tuskegee university or are you too distracted by tmz like the rest of the American idiocracy? How is she transgendered? Are you blind? Can you not see she has linebackers arms and a face like Shannon Sharpe?

I would say it to her ugly Shannon Sharpe looking face without flinching. If her and her new world order criminal husband walked up to me I would not shake either ones hands. I don't associate with demonic slime!
While Sean hannity is a homo along with the rest of the neo con sellouts, I will not allow you to lump me in with those creeps.
I don't know what tmz is, and last time I checked she has biological daughters.
Oh in sorry I was unaware those two things where human. I thought Michelle and Obama had two pet gorillas! Had no idea they where actually kids..........enlightening!
Moochelle Antoinette has gotten special treatment her entire life BECAUSE of the color of her skin. Entrance into an Ivy League College then a $300,000 a year job created just for her. Yet all she does is use her race when the truth is, it's her lack of character and gratitude that people find disgusting.
She spends more on one vacation then I can expect to earn in a lifetime!
You make no sense!! Your white you've been priviledged your whole life as were your parents!! You have no idea about racism. You actually think you have a hard life . You couldnt last 1 day being non white. You cry and complain about dumb stuff little stuff...

You 've had special treatment your whole life.. Give me two examples where you have experienced racism.. This oughtta be good and hilarious i'd like to hear your experiences !!!! I cant wait to laugh at your answer..
You would not!!! Your so phoney!!!' As much whining and complaining you do on here your not even close to being a man!! I bet your not married!! You come off as a just a punk bitch with a big mouth and sissy personality!! Keep on whining
Oh please! I would also talk trash straight to your face without flinching! You don't know what you are messing with son!
Please get it right, it is the fkn ORANGUTAN. Ugly as sin and slightly sub human.
Funny, I haven't seen the photos of these murderers flashed all over the news. I guess only criminal lives matter! The media and Obama administration are directly responsible for the doubling of police murders in the last year.
Please explain how they are responsible? Thanks
These new Obamacams don't take pics of blacks.
The Obama administration loves dead cops. They have been fanning the racial flames this whole time. They know what they are doing!!!!!
And what are they doing?
Is your Google broken? Pay attention or get lost!
Trying to start a race war.
Really with who?? When did they start it?? Did they supply guns and tanks also?? When is the first attack??


Governor Dayton scores another win for all Minnesotans with his brilliant diplomatic moves. Thanks Governor!
Sure can tell when there is a state surplus!!!

Goofy overtaxes and pisses the taxdollars away of goofy shet.

Ya just can't bring yourself to returning the OVERCHARGE to those of us who were OVERTAXED!!!

Phock the Liberal thieves.

Sad thing is they will waste the surplus by expanding Government's budgets and when there is a deficit they will increase taxes AGAIN!!!

Bend over Minnesota workers here comes another BIG SHAFTING without lubrication!
Goodness, you are a very bitter person, aren't you?

Celebrate! Rejoice! Governor Dayton scored a blockbuster of a political coup with this trip to Havana. 

Well done, Governor. Keep on doing the people's work. We need statesmen like you.
I'll say the same phocking thing about YOU.

Goodness, you are a very bitter person, aren't you?

Why on God's green earth do you want to strip money from the pockets of Minnesota Taxpayers?

Only Libertards want to take MORE AND MORE every phocking year, why is that?

Why are you so bitter that YOU want to steal money from the WORKERS of Minnesota?

It would be so simple to return the overtaxation instead of finding more ways to WASTE IT.

WHO gave the Government the right to waste taxdollars they have taken without a budget?

Government should establish a budget with NO REGARDS for how much SURPLUS is available to waste. They should establish a budget and then tax to support it.

Listen to the Legislature broadcast and all ya hear is "we have a budget surplus so it's time to waste it on our pet project".

Bitter isn't the word for me it's PISSED OFF!!!!

Libertards are thieves plain and simple!
Maybe they can bring that American cop killer, who has been enjoying freedom in Cuba for decades, back with them. Oh, wait , they aren't political, unless it a leftist cause.
Has Castro released the gays from the detention centers yet?
The comments from both of the rethuglicants above are very funny. 

I am celebrating using the MN Orchestra to build diplomatic bridges. I am congratulating our great Governor on a job well done. I am elated that we are reaching across the Caribbean and telling our brothers and sisters in Cuba that we care about them.

And the rethulicants are mad because they are shown to be losers again. This is such fun.
Nobody with 1/2 a brain gives a phock what a Libertard thinks!

Just so you understand your situation.
Get off your high-horse. Just because we want something in return for enriching the Cuban government, not the Cuban people, doesn't make us losers, quite the opposite, it's makes us smart.
BTW: this has nothing to do with Dayton, Jesse V. made trade deals with Mn. farmers and Cuba when he was the Gov.
Correct 1/2 brain, it's Dayton wasting tax dollars.

What will the trip cost? I'll bet a MILLION dollars. Libertards are pissing away MILLIONS on junk.

Who will attend a concert in Cuba? The rich Communists that's all. IF Dayton cared about the Cuban people he would sent Dorthy Day reps to see how to help the poor in Cuba. The elite concert members don't care about the poor.

Get a brain there idiot.
You wouldn't drag any one out of their house you punk.. You whine and cry and complain there is no way your a man unless your white!!!

The racist punk lefty is at it again!
